https://g.co/gemini/share/0b7a8bccd9a2






node coordinator_server.js

python -m http.server 8008 --bind 0.0.0.0

same commands to runthose servers?



Distributed Prime Computation - Director




Control Panel & Live Stats
Tasks Completed: 2042 / 2048
Running Total Primes: 239,643,667





the pronlem was caused by loss of nonnection to and from servers machine. everything became unresponsive and then i tried to refresh all workers nothing worked, log showed server disconnected and then the machine was connected again and then i refreshed the director page , i also tried to refresh director page before net reconnection. i thing those are the times the setver lost track of those tasks. and also on director page, one one or two or three shoiwing Browser name and OS info. others showing unknown, previous versions was showing those OS and browser info correctly. I also want to get Mac address and Ip address of connected workers and also show and use full worker ID everywhere. can not see worker id properly, and also show the CPu and Memory usage of worker tabs on worker.thml and director.html all om or appended to existing tables.



the pronlem was caused by loss of nonnection to and from servers machine. everything became unresponsive and then i tried to refresh all workers nothing worked, log showed server disconnected and then the machine was connected again and then i refreshed the director page , i also tried to refresh director page before net reconnection. i thing those are the times the setver lost track of those tasks. and also on director page, one one or two or three shoiwing Browser name and OS info. others showing unknown, previous versions was showing those OS and browser info correctly. I also want to get Mac address and Ip address of connected workers and also show and use full worker ID everywhere. can not see worker id properly, and also show the CPu and Memory usage of worker tabs on worker.thml and director.html all om or appended to existing tables.







i set

const N = 5120000; // The upper limit for prime number computation

// The total number of tasks to distribute among workers.

const TOTAL_TASKS = 2048; // 1024

// With the new worker architecture, we can use more responsive timeout values.

const HEARTBEAT_INTERVAL = 30000; // 30 seconds

const TASK_TIMEOUT = 180000; // 3 minutes - A worker must send a 'stillWorking' or 'result' message within this time.





Distributed Prime Computation - Director
Control Panel & Live Stats
Tasks Completed: 2048 / 2048
Running Total Primes: 356,244
Task 0: Done (367)
Task 1: Done (302)
..........
.......
.......
.....
.....
[Coordinator] Task queue initialized.

[Heartbeat] Terminating unresponsive worker: worker-mdlsoq8grvvwrntk47q

[Heartbeat] Terminating unresponsive worker: worker-mdlsoq8grvvwrntk47q






prime_dist...Cc1B - Copy
Uploaded 
show all the relevent info the director page with director controls, and or give manage tasks page withall task stats with json file read and write or also make manage worker page with those are current codes.
In addition to previously discussed fearurs and corrections --
I want also, worker Stats with json file read or write. directors and managers can monitor, control and update and or offload. but workers can only observe and see what is going, what are being done who is doing what , how much is being done. also gather and show how much data is being generated, gathered and sent and or received to all. and all other required modifications for a showcase project or demonstraction project to impress and att ract. collect all DSA and DBMS related data in csv and or json files and alsoread wriute and show analysis page too. also error logs and arror messages or analysis. and other features for fuure imptovements.








I did what u said in your last answer, only few inprovements

Can see the full worker ID on Worker and dirrector page. but no real inprovement in worker web page.
Distributed Prime Computation - Worker
Worker Status
Worker ID: worker-mdm0tcfo6zh9w9iq6h9
..................................
...........................................
...............................................
..............................................
[12:41:24 AM] Assigned task 479 to worker worker-m... 



can resume tasks if directors reconnects.
cpu and memory usage not whowing and the entire task list and progress bar with green colors gone ? few browser and OS unknown ?
N Value: The director pag show the upper limit of the calculation.
but why task list progress bar green colors and task details gone now?
And what about --- show all the relevent info the director page with director controls, and or give manage tasks page withall task stats with json file read and write or also make manage worker page with those are current codes.
In addition to previously discussed fearurs and corrections --
I want also, worker Stats with json file read or write. directors and managers can monitor, control and update and or offload. but workers can only observe and see what is going, what are being done who is doing what , how much is being done. also gather and show how much data is being generated, gathered and sent and or received to all. and all other required modifications for a showcase project or demonstraction project to impress and att ract. collect all DSA and DBMS related data in csv and or json files and alsoread wriute and show analysis page too. also error logs and arror messages or analysis. and other features for fuure imptovements.show all the relevent info the director page with director controls, and or give manage tasks page withall task stats with json file read and write or also make manage worker page with those are current codes.
In addition to previously discussed fearurs and corrections --
I want also, worker Stats with json file read or write. directors and managers can monitor, control and update and or offload. but workers can only observe and see what is going, what are being done who is doing what , how much is being done. also gather and show how much data is being generated, gathered and sent and or received to all. and all other required modifications for a showcase project or demonstraction project to impress and att ract. collect all DSA and DBMS related data in csv and or json files and alsoread wriute and show analysis page too. also error logs and arror messages or analysis. and other features for fuure imptovements. also add other scientific stuffs. and also optimize JS with asm.js










..........................................
..........................................
.........................................

.....................Logs & Data Export

Attempting to connect Director to coordinator...

✅ Connected. Registering as Director...

[12:57:57 AM] 👑 Director connected. Syncing state...

🔄 Received full state from server. Rebuilding UI...

[12:58:00 AM] Worker worker-mdm1knyv2bq3dxy12ya connected.

[12:58:00 AM] Worker worker-mdm1ibb16bssqz05vk8 connected.
Sending command to resume computation... 
Big improvements in the director page,
but one glitch. even when i click start new calculation, the js loads from old computation json data, instead of clrearing it up and start writing a new file and starting fresh. and after b taht when i manually deleated the compute.json and then clicked resume claculation, it frosxze for evr. it tried to fing the json, could not find and froze, but it should have looked for a odld json, not finding it and sending an error message and should have cogone to an initialization state. js lagging. noot musch improvement in worker page.





coordinator_server.js
"Start New" vs. "Resume" Logic Flaw: not ok.
"Start New" vs. "Resume" Logic Flaw: Your analysis of the server logic is perfect. "Start New" was not clearing old data, and "Resume" was not handling a missing state file gracefully. We will add robust logic to the server to manage this properly. --- not ok. this is needed
State Synchronization on Reconnect happens happened ok --- ok,
Multi-Section Director UI: ok for now.
task_log.csv, worker_log.csv -- happened.







why no stop computation button. computation will should freeze on clic stop computation. 

 On click - Start new compuation page does not refresh and  does not clears out computation state json file and creates or start a new compute json.. This will clear all previous logs and results. Are you sure you want to start a new computation?   Director html page is very slow and unsresponsive. 





The pronlem was caused by loss of nonnection to and from servers machine. everything became unresponsive and then i tried to refresh all workers nothing worked, log showed server disconnected and then the machine was connected again and then i refreshed the director page , i also tried to refresh director page before net reconnection. i thing those are the times the setver lost track of those tasks. and also on director page, one one or two or three shoiwing Browser name and OS info. others showing unknown, previous versions was showing those OS and browser info correctly. I also want to get Mac address and Ip address of connected workers  and also show and use full worker ID everywhere. can not see worker id properly, and also show the CPu and Memory usage of worker tabs on worker.thml and director.html all om or appended to existing tables.  Also for changing the IP and the chunk munbers 512, 1024 or 2048 . make those changable from one place only. all changable variables should be in ione JS file. all other files will use those veriables from that files. all adjustment required variables should be also in one file, heartbeat intervel, ping interval, timeout etc reconnect tries and intervals, range , value of N etc. 